#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
adagio==0.2.4
    # via
    #   fugue
    #   qpd
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.11.1
    # via
    #   fugue-sql-antlr
    #   qpd
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.7.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via streamlit
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   tsfresh
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.8
    # via pmdarima
darts==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.in
feature-engine==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via torch
fonttools==4.47.2
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.4.16
    # via triad
fsspec[http]==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   fsspec
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
    #   triad
fugue==0.8.7
    # via statsforecast
fugue-sql-antlr==0.2.0
    # via fugue
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.41
    # via streamlit
holidays==0.41
    # via darts
hydra-core==0.11.3
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via streamlit
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fugue
    #   fugue-sql-antlr
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   darts
    #   pmdarima
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lightning-utilities==0.10.1
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via numba
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   darts
    #   nfoursid
    #   pyod
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
nfoursid==1.0.1
    # via darts
numba==0.59.0
    # via
    #   pyod
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   stumpy
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   darts
    #   feature-engine
    #   matplotlib
    #   nfoursid
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pmdarima
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   pyod
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   stumpy
    #   tbats
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   triad
    #   tsfresh
    #   utilsforecast
    #   xarray
    #   xgboost
omegaconf==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   hydra-core
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   fugue-sql-antlr
    #   hydra-core
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   pmdarima
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   shap
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   utilsforecast
    #   xarray
pandas==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   darts
    #   feature-engine
    #   nfoursid
    #   pmdarima
    #   qpd
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   streamlit
    #   triad
    #   tsfresh
    #   utilsforecast
    #   xarray
patsy==0.5.6
    # via
    #   statsmodels
    #   tsfresh
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
plotly==5.18.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pmdarima==2.0.4
    # via
    #   darts
    #   tbats
protobuf==4.25.2
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   tensorboardx
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   triad
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pyod==1.1.2
    # via darts
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   holidays
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
pytorch-lightning==2.1.2
    # via darts
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   omegaconf
    #   pytorch-lightning
qpd==0.4.4
    # via fugue
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   darts
    #   fsspec
    #   streamlit
    #   tsfresh
rich==13.7.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   darts
    #   feature-engine
    #   pmdarima
    #   pyod
    #   shap
    #   tbats
    #   tsfresh
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   darts
    #   feature-engine
    #   pmdarima
    #   pyod
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
    #   stumpy
    #   tbats
    #   tsfresh
    #   xgboost
shap==0.44.1
    # via darts
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   fs
    #   omegaconf
    #   patsy
    #   pyod
    #   python-dateutil
    #   triad
slicer==0.0.7
    # via shap
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sqlglot==20.11.0
    # via fugue
statsforecast==1.7.2
    # via darts
statsmodels==0.14.1
    # via
    #   darts
    #   feature-engine
    #   pmdarima
    #   statsforecast
    #   tsfresh
streamlit==1.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
stumpy==1.12.0
    # via tsfresh
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tbats==1.1.3
    # via darts
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via darts
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.2.0
    # via
    #   darts
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
torchmetrics==1.3.0.post0
    # via pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.4
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   darts
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   shap
    #   statsforecast
    #   tsfresh
triad==0.9.5
    # via
    #   adagio
    #   fugue
    #   fugue-sql-antlr
    #   qpd
tsfresh==0.20.2
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   darts
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via streamlit
urllib3==2.2.0
    # via
    #   pmdarima
    #   requests
utilsforecast==0.0.26
    # via statsforecast
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
xarray==2024.1.1
    # via darts
xgboost==2.0.3
    # via darts
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
